---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_accounts Data Source - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_accounts (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `access_level` (String) The access level of the account. This can be either Full Access, scoped to a jamf pro site with Site Access, or scoped to a jamf pro account group with Group Access
- `casper_admin_privileges` (List of String) Privileges related to Casper Admin.
- `casper_imaging_privileges` (List of String) Privileges related to Casper Imaging.
- `casper_remote_privileges` (List of String) Privileges related to Casper Remote.
- `directory_user` (Boolean) Indicates if the user is a directory user.
- `email` (String) The email of the account user.
- `enabled` (String) Access status of the account (“enabled” or “disabled”).
- `force_password_change` (Boolean) Indicates if the user is forced to change password on next login.
- `full_name` (String) The full name of the account user.
- `groups` (List of Object) A list of group information associated with the account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the jamf pro account.
- `jss_actions_privileges` (List of String) Privileges related to JSS Actions.
- `jss_objects_privileges` (List of String) Privileges related to JSS Objects.
- `jss_settings_privileges` (List of String) Privileges related to JSS Settings.
- `ldap_server` (List of Object) LDAP server information associated with the account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldap_server))
- `name` (String) The name of the jamf pro account.
- `password` (String) The password for the account.
- `privilege_set` (String) The privilege set assigned to the account.
- `recon_privileges` (List of String) Privileges related to Recon.
- `site` (List of Object) The site information associated with the account group if access_level is set to Site Access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--site))

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `privileges` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--groups--privileges))
- `site` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--groups--site))

<a id="nestedobjatt--groups--privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.privileges`

Read-Only:

- `jss_actions` (List of String)
- `jss_objects` (List of String)
- `jss_settings` (List of String)


<a id="nestedobjatt--groups--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.site`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--ldap_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap_server`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
