---
page_title: "jamfpro_app_installer"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_app_installer (Data Source)


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_title_id` (String) The jamf pro app installer ID of the app title.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the app installer deployment.
- `name` (String) The name of the app installer deployment.

### Read-Only

- `category_id` (String) The ID of the category assigned to the app installer.
- `deployment_type` (String) Initial distribution method for distributing the app.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the deployment is enabled.
- `install_predefined_config_profiles` (Boolean) Whether Jamf automatically installs necessary configuration profiles.
- `latest_available_version` (String) The latest available version of the app.
- `notification_settings` (List of Object) End User Experience notification settings for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notification_settings))
- `selected_version` (String) The selected version of the app.
- `self_service_settings` (List of Object) Self-service settings for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_service_settings))
- `site_id` (String) The ID of the site.
- `smart_group_id` (String) The ID of the smart group to scope the Jamf Pro App installer.
- `title_available_in_ais` (Boolean) Whether the title is available in AIS.
- `trigger_admin_notifications` (Boolean) Whether log event notifications are enabled for this app.
- `update_behavior` (String) The method to use for all future app updates.
- `version_removed` (Boolean) Whether the version has been removed.

<a id="nestedatt--notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_settings`

Read-Only:

- `complete_message` (String)
- `deadline` (Number)
- `deadline_message` (String)
- `notification_interval` (Number)
- `notification_message` (String)
- `quit_delay` (Number)
- `relaunch` (Boolean)
- `suppress` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--self_service_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service_settings`

Read-Only:

- `categories` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--self_service_settings--categories))
- `description` (String)
- `force_view_description` (Boolean)
- `include_in_compliance_category` (Boolean)
- `include_in_featured_category` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedobjatt--self_service_settings--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service_settings.categories`

Read-Only:

- `featured` (Boolean)
- `id` (String)