---
page_title: "jamfpro_cloud_distribution_point"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_cloud_distribution_point (Data Source)


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `cdn_type` (String) Specifies the content delivery network (CDN) used to distribute content for the cloud distribution point.
- `cdn_url` (String) The CDN URL for the Cloud Distribution Point. Format varies by provider (Rackspace, AWS, Akamai).
- `direct_upload_capable` (Boolean) Indicates if the distribution point supports direct file uploads.
- `directory` (String) The directory or path for content delivery in Akamai. Required when cdnType is set to Akamai.
- `download_url` (String) The URL used to access and download content from Akamai's EdgeSuite. Required when cdnType is Akamai.
- `expiration_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds before the signed URL expires. Required when cdnType is Amazon Web Services and requireSignedUrls is true.
- `has_connection_succeeded` (Boolean) Indicates whether the connection to the Cloud Distribution Point was successful. If true, the connection was successful. If false, the connection failed.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inventory_id` (String) The unique identifier (inventoryId) that links the Cloud Distribution Point to the inventory data. This ID associates the distribution point with specific software or files in the inventory.
- `key_pair_id` (String) The CloudFront Access Key ID used to generate signed URLs for secure access to content. Required when cdnType is Amazon Web Services and requireSignedUrls is true.
- `master` (Boolean) Use as principal distribution point. Use as the authoritative source for all files.
- `message` (String) A message detailing the result of the connection test. This could be a success message or an error message if the connection failed.
- `principal_distribution_technology` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the principal distribution technology.
- `private_key` (String) The CloudFront Private Key file required when cdnType is Amazon Web Services and requireSignedUrls is enabled. Used for signing URLs for restricted access to CloudFront-distributed content. Supports .pem or .der formats.
- `require_signed_urls` (Boolean) Amazon Sign URL. Restricts access to requests that use a signed URL. Required when cdnType is Amazon Web Services.
- `secondary_auth_required` (Boolean) Enable Remote Authentication. Authorize requests for files stored on the distribution point. Required when cdnType is Akamai.
- `secondary_auth_status_code` (Number) Configure the HTTP response code returned by Jamf Pro during remote authentication. Required when cdnType is Akamai and secondaryAuthRequired is true.
- `secondary_auth_time_to_live` (Number) Number of seconds before the authorization token expires. Required when cdnType is Akamai and secondaryAuthRequired is true.
- `upload_url` (String) The URL used to upload files to Akamai's NetStorage. Required when cdnType is Akamai.
- `username` (String) The username or access key used for authenticating with the selected CDN. Required for Rackspace Cloud Files, Amazon Web Services (AWS Access Key ID), or Akamai authentication.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)