---
page_title: "jamfpro_computer_extension_attribute"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_computer_extension_attribute (Data Source)


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `data_type` (String) Data type of the computer extension attribute. Can be String, Integer, or Date.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the computer extension attribute.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the Jamf Pro computer extension attribute.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the computer extension attribute.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enabled by default, but for inputType Script we can disable it as well.Possible values are: false or true.
- `input_type` (String) Extension attributes collect inventory data by using an input type.The type of the Input used to populate the extension attribute.
- `inventory_display_type` (String) Category in which to display the extension attribute in Jamf Pro.
- `ldap_attribute_mapping` (String) Directory Service attribute use to populate the extension attribute.Required when inputType is 'DIRECTORY_SERVICE_ATTRIBUTE_MAPPING'.
- `ldap_extension_attribute_allowed` (Boolean) Collect multiple values for this extension attribute. ldapExtensionAttributeAllowed is disabled by default, only for inputType 'DIRECTORY_SERVICE_ATTRIBUTE_MAPPING' it can be enabled. It's value cannot be modified during edit operation.Possible values are:true or false.
- `popup_menu_choices` (List of String) When added with list of choices while creating computer extension attributes these Pop-up menu can be displayed in inventory information. User can choose a value from the pop-up menu list when enrolling a computer any time using Jamf Pro. Provide popupMenuChoices only when inputType is 'POPUP'.
- `script_contents` (String) When we run this script it returns a data value each time a computer submits inventory to Jamf Pro. Provide scriptContents only when inputType is 'SCRIPT'.