---
page_title: "jamfpro_macos_configuration_profile_plist"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_macos_configuration_profile_plist (Data Source)


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `category_id` (Number) Jamf Pro category-related settings of the policy.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the macOS configuration profile.
- `name` (String) Jamf UI name for configuration profile.
- `site_id` (Number) Jamf Pro Site-related settings of the policy.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description of the configuration profile.
- `distribution_method` (String) The distribution method for the configuration profile. ['Make Available in Self Service','Install Automatically']
- `level` (String) The deployment level of the configuration profile. Available options are: 'User' or 'System'. Note: 'System' is mapped to 'Computer Level' in the Jamf Pro GUI.
- `payloads` (String) The macOS configuration profile payload. Can be a file path to a .mobileconfig or a string with an embedded mobileconfig plist.Jamf Pro stores configuration profiles as XML property lists (plists).
- `redeploy_on_update` (String) Defines the redeployment behaviour when an update to a macOS config profileoccurs. This is always 'Newly Assigned' on new profile objects, but may be set to 'All'on profile update requests once the configuration profile has been deployed to at least one device.
- `self_service` (List of Object) Self Service Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--self_service))
- `user_removable` (Boolean) Whether the configuration profile is user removeable or not.
- `uuid` (String) The universally unique identifier for the profile.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--self_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service`

Read-Only:

- `feature_on_main_page` (Boolean)
- `force_users_to_view_description` (Boolean)
- `install_button_text` (String)
- `notification` (String)
- `notification_message` (String)
- `notification_subject` (String)
- `self_service_category` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--self_service--self_service_category))
- `self_service_description` (String)
- `self_service_display_name` (String)
- `self_service_icon_id` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--self_service--self_service_category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service.self_service_category`

Read-Only:

- `display_in` (Boolean)
- `feature_in` (Boolean)
- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)