---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String) Auth method chosen for Jamf.
- `basic_auth_password` (String, Sensitive) The Jamf Pro password used for authentication.
- `basic_auth_username` (String) The Jamf Pro username used for authentication.
- `client_id` (String) The Jamf Pro Client ID for authentication.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Jamf Pro Client secret for authentication.
- `custom_cookies` (Block List) Persistent custom cookies used by HTTP Client in all requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_cookies))
- `export_logs` (Boolean) Enables exporting logs to a file
- `hide_sensitive_data` (Boolean) Define whether sensitive fields should be hidden in logs. Default to hiding sensitive data in logs
- `jamfpro_instance_fqdn` (String) The Jamf Pro FQDN (fully qualified domain name). example: https://mycompany.jamfcloud.com
- `jamfpro_load_balancer_lock` (Boolean) Programatically determines all available web app members in the load balance and locks all instances of httpclient to the app for faster executions. 
TEMP SOLUTION UNTIL JAMF PROVIDES SOLUTION
- `log_console_separator` (String) The separator character used in console log output.
- `log_export_path` (String) Specify the path to export http client logs to.
- `log_level` (String) The logging level: debug, info, warning, or none
- `log_output_format` (String) The output format of the logs. Use 'JSON' for JSON format, 'pretty' for human-readable format. Defaults to console if no value is supplied.
- `mandatory_request_delay_milliseconds` (Number) A mandatory delay after each request before returning to reduce high volume of requests in a short time
- `token_refresh_buffer_period_seconds` (Number) The buffer period in seconds for token refresh.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_cookies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_cookies`

Required:

- `name` (String) cookie key
- `value` (String) cookie value
