---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_account_group Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_account_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_level` (String) The access level of the account. This can be either Full Access, scoped to a jamf pro site with Site Access, or scoped to a jamf pro account group with Group Access
- `name` (String) The name of the account group.

### Optional

- `casper_admin_privileges` (Set of String) Privileges related to Casper Admin.
- `identity_server` (Block List, Max: 1) LDAP or IdP server associated with the account group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--identity_server))
- `jss_actions_privileges` (Set of String) Privileges related to JSS Actions.
- `jss_objects_privileges` (Set of String) Privileges related to JSS Objects.
- `jss_settings_privileges` (Set of String) Privileges related to JSS Settings.
- `members` (Block List) Members of the account group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--members))
- `privilege_set` (String) The privilege set assigned to the account.
- `site` (Block List, Max: 1) The site information associated with the account group if access_level is set to Site Access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the account group.

<a id="nestedblock--identity_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `identity_server`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) ID is the ID of the LDAP or IdP configuration in Jamf Pro.


<a id="nestedblock--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Optional:

- `name` (String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) Jamf Pro Site ID. Value defaults to -1 aka not used.
- `name` (String) Jamf Pro Site Name. Value defaults to 'None' aka not used


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
