---
page_title: "jamfpro_app_installer_global_settings"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_app_installer_global_settings (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_app_installer_global_settings" "jamfpro_app_installer_singleton" {
  notification_message = "A new version of this app is ready to install." # This message is shown to users when an app update becomes available.
  notification_interval = 24 # Interval (in hours) between repeated user notifications about the update.
  deadline_message = "Please install the update to continue using the app." # Message displayed when the deadline to update has passed.
  deadline = 48 # Deadline (in hours) after which the app is forcibly quit and updated.
  quit_delay = 5 # Additional time (in minutes) for users to save their work before the app quits.
  complete_message = "Installation complete. You may now relaunch the app." # Message shown after successful installation.
  relaunch = true # If true, the app will automatically relaunch after installation.
  suppress = false # If true, no notifications will be shown to the end user.
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `complete_message` (String) Message to display as the push notification (up to 150 characters) when an update is complete. This applies globally to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in an individual deployment.
- `deadline` (Number) How long the user can defer the update before the app is forced to quit to complete the update in hours. This applies globally to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in an individual deployment.
- `deadline_message` (String) Message to display as the push notification (up to 150 characters) when the app is forced to quit to complete the update. This applies globally to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in an individual deployment.
- `notification_interval` (Number) How often the notification message is displayed in hours. This applies globally to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in an individual deployment.
- `notification_message` (String) Message to display as the push notification (up to 150 characters) when an app installer update is available. This message applies to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in a specific app deployment.
- `quit_delay` (Number) Additional time for users to save work and close the app in minutes. This applies globally to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in an individual deployment.
- `relaunch` (Boolean) If true, the app will be relaunched after installation. This applies globally to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in an individual deployment.
- `suppress` (Boolean) If true, suppresses all user-facing notifications globally. This applies globally to all App Installers deployments unless overridden in an individual deployment.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)