---
page_title: "jamfpro_app_installer"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_app_installer (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_app_installer" "jamfpro_app_installer_001" {
  name                = "010 Editor"
  enabled             = true
  deployment_type     = "SELF_SERVICE"
  update_behavior     = "AUTOMATIC"
  category_id         = "-1"
  site_id             = "-1"
  smart_group_id      = "1"

  install_predefined_config_profiles = false
  trigger_admin_notifications        = false

  notification_settings {
    notification_message  = "A new update is available"
    notification_interval = 1
    deadline_message      = "Update deadline approaching"
    deadline              = 1
    quit_delay            = 1
    complete_message      = "Update completed successfully"
    relaunch              = true
    suppress              = false
  }

  self_service_settings {
    include_in_featured_category    = true
    include_in_compliance_category  = true
    force_view_description          = true
    description                     = "This is an example app deployment"

    categories {
      id       = "5"
      featured = true
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `category_id` (String) The ID of the category to assign to the app installer. Use -1 if not required.
- `deployment_type` (String) Initial distribution method to use for distributing the app to a computer for the initial installation. (INSTALL_AUTOMATICALLY or SELF_SERVICE).
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the deployment is enabled.
- `name` (String) The name of the app installer deployment. This name cannot be freeform text like in the gui as the name is used to infur the automatically appTitleId field.
- `site_id` (String) The ID of the site. Use -1 if not required.
- `smart_group_id` (String) The ID of the smart group to scope the Jamf Pro App installer. Default is '1' - All Managed Clients. -1 is not an option.
- `update_behavior` (String) The method to use for all future app updates, regardless of the initial distribution method. (AUTOMATIC or MANUAL).

### Optional

- `install_predefined_config_profiles` (Boolean) Allows Jamf to automatically install necessary configuration profiles to support this App Installer. When unselected, you may need to create configuration profiles for some software titles. https://learn.jamf.com/en-US/bundle/technical-articles/page/Configuration_Profiles_for_Additional_App_Installers_Settings.html
- `notification_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) End User Experience notification settings for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--notification_settings))
- `self_service_settings` (Block List, Max: 1) Self-service settings for the deployment. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service_settings))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `trigger_admin_notifications` (Boolean) Log event notifications for this app. Opt in to receiving notifications for certain events including app updates and installation failures. Account Notification settings. https://your-instance.jamfcloud.com/notifications.html?id=0&o=r

### Read-Only

- `app_title_id` (String) The jamf pro app installer ID of the app title.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the app installer deployment.
- `latest_available_version` (String) The latest available version of the app.
- `selected_version` (String) The selected version of the app.
- `title_available_in_ais` (Boolean) Whether the title is available in AIS.
- `version_removed` (Boolean) Whether the version has been removed.

<a id="nestedblock--notification_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notification_settings`

Optional:

- `complete_message` (String) The Update complete message.
- `deadline` (Number) The Update deadline in hours.
- `deadline_message` (String) The deadline message.
- `notification_interval` (Number) The interval for notifications.
- `notification_message` (String) The notification message.
- `quit_delay` (Number) Force quit grace period in minutes.
- `relaunch` (Boolean) Whether to Automatically open app after installation.
- `suppress` (Boolean) Suppressing notifications.


<a id="nestedblock--self_service_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service_settings`

Optional:

- `categories` (Block Set) Categories in which to display or feature the app in Self Service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service_settings--categories))
- `description` (String) Description (up to 4000 characters) to display for the app in Self Service.
- `force_view_description` (Boolean) Force users to view the description before installing the app.
- `include_in_compliance_category` (Boolean) Include the app in the Featured category.Jamf Pro must be integrated with Microsoft Intune to include the app in the Compliance category. Confirm the integration is enabled. If you previously integrated Microsoft Intune using Conditional Access, disregard this alert.
- `include_in_featured_category` (Boolean) Whether to include in the featured category.

<a id="nestedblock--self_service_settings--categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service_settings.categories`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the category.

Optional:

- `featured` (Boolean) Whether the category is featured.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)