---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_computer_group Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_computer_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of the Jamf Pro computer group.

### Optional

- `computers` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--computers))
- `criteria` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--criteria))
- `is_smart` (Boolean) Boolean selection to state if the group is a Smart group or not. If false then the group is a static group.
- `site` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the computer group.

<a id="nestedblock--computers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `computers`

Optional:

- `alt_mac_address` (String) Alternative MAC Address of the computer used during static computer group construction.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the computer used during static computer group construction.
- `mac_address` (String) MAC Address of the computer used during static computer group construction.
- `name` (String) Name of the computer used during static computer group construction.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of the computer used during static computer group construction.


<a id="nestedblock--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the smart group search criteria. Can be from the Jamf built in enteries or can be an extension attribute.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the criterion.
- `search_type` (String) The type of smart group search operator. Allowed values are 'is', 'is not', 'has', 'does not have', 'member of', 'not member of', 'before (yyyy-mm-dd)', 'after (yyyy-mm-dd)', 'more than x days ago', 'less than x days ago', 'like', 'not like', 'greater than', 'less than', 'greater than or equal', 'less than or equal', 'matches regex', 'does not match regex'.
- `value` (String) Search value for the smart group criteria to match with.

Optional:

- `and_or` (String) Either 'and', 'or', or blank.
- `closing_paren` (Boolean) Closing parenthesis flag used during smart group construction.
- `opening_paren` (Boolean) Opening parenthesis flag used during smart group construction.


<a id="nestedblock--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the site assigned to the computer group.
- `name` (String) Name of the site assigned to the computer group.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
