---
page_title: "jamfpro_computer_prestage_enrollment"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_computer_prestage_enrollment (Resource)


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_prompt` (String) The authentication prompt message displayed to the user during enrollment.
- `auto_advance_setup` (Boolean) Indicates if setup should auto-advance.
- `default_prestage` (Boolean) Indicates if this is the default computer prestage enrollment configuration. If yes then new devices will be automatically assigned to this PreStage enrollment
- `department` (String) The department the computer prestage is assigned to.
- `device_enrollment_program_instance_id` (String) The device enrollment program instance ID.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the computer prestage.
- `enable_device_based_activation_lock` (Boolean) Indicates if device-based activation lock should be enabled.
- `enrollment_site_id` (String) The jamf pro Site ID that computers will be added to during enrollment. Default is -1, aka not used.
- `install_profiles_during_setup` (Boolean) Indicates if profiles should be installed during setup.
- `keep_existing_location_information` (Boolean) Indicates if existing device location information should be retained.
- `keep_existing_site_membership` (Boolean) Indicates if existing device site membership should be retained.
- `location_information` (Block List, Min: 1) Location information associated with the Jamf Pro computer prestage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location_information))
- `mandatory` (Boolean) Indicates whether the computer prestage is mandatory.
- `mdm_removable` (Boolean) Indicates if the MDM profile is removable.
- `prevent_activation_lock` (Boolean) Indicates if activation lock should be prevented.
- `purchasing_information` (Block List, Min: 1) Purchasing information associated with the computer prestage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--purchasing_information))
- `support_phone_number` (String) The Support phone number for the organization.

### Optional

- `account_settings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--account_settings))
- `anchor_certificates` (List of String) List of Base64 encoded PEM Certificates.
- `custom_package_distribution_point_id` (String) Custom package distribution point ID.
- `custom_package_ids` (List of String) Custom package IDs.
- `enable_recovery_lock` (Boolean) Indicates if recovery lock should be enabled.
- `enrollment_customization_id` (String) The enrollment customization ID.
- `language` (String) The language setting.
- `prestage_installed_profile_ids` (List of String) IDs of profiles installed during prestage.
- `recovery_lock_password` (String) The recovery lock password.
- `recovery_lock_password_type` (String) The recovery lock password type.
- `region` (String) The region setting.
- `require_authentication` (Boolean) Indicates if the user is required to provide username and password on computers with macOS 10.10 or later.
- `rotate_recovery_lock_password` (Boolean) Indicates if the recovery lock password should be rotated.
- `site_id` (String) The site ID.
- `skip_setup_items` (Block List, Max: 1) Selected items are not displayed in the Setup Assistant during macOS device setup within Apple Device Enrollment (ADE). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--skip_setup_items))
- `support_email_address` (String) The Support email address for the organization.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `version_lock` (Number) The version lock.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the computer prestage.
- `profile_uuid` (String) The profile UUID.

<a id="nestedblock--location_information"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location_information`

Required:

- `email` (String) The email address associated with this location.
- `id` (String) The ID of the location information.
- `phone` (String) The phone number associated with this location.
- `position` (String) The position associated with this location.
- `realname` (String) The real name associated with this location.
- `room` (String) The room associated with this location.
- `username` (String) The username for the location information.
- `version_lock` (Number) The version lock of the location information.

Optional:

- `building_id` (String) The building ID associated with this location.
- `department_id` (String) The computerPrestage ID associated with this location.


<a id="nestedblock--purchasing_information"></a>
### Nested Schema for `purchasing_information`

Required:

- `apple_care_id` (String) The AppleCare ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of the purchasing information.
- `lease_date` (String) The lease date.
- `leased` (Boolean) Indicates if the item is leased.
- `life_expectancy` (Number) The life expectancy in years.
- `po_date` (String) The purchase order date.
- `po_number` (String) The purchase order number.
- `purchase_price` (String) The purchase price.
- `purchased` (Boolean) Indicates if the item is purchased.
- `purchasing_account` (String) The purchasing account.
- `purchasing_contact` (String) The purchasing contact.
- `vendor` (String) The vendor name.
- `version_lock` (Number) The version lock.
- `warranty_date` (String) The warranty date.


<a id="nestedblock--account_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `account_settings`

Optional:

- `admin_password` (String) The admin password.
- `admin_username` (String) The admin username.
- `hidden_admin_account` (Boolean) Indicates if the admin account is hidden.
- `id` (String) ID of Account Settings.
- `local_admin_account_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the local admin account is enabled.
- `local_user_managed` (Boolean) Indicates if the local user is managed.
- `payload_configured` (Boolean) Indicates if the payload is configured.
- `prefill_account_full_name` (String) Full name for the account to prefill.
- `prefill_account_user_name` (String) Username for the account to prefill.
- `prefill_primary_account_info_feature_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if prefilling primary account info feature is enabled.
- `prefill_type` (String) Type of prefill (CUSTOM, DEVICE_OWNER).
- `prevent_prefill_info_from_modification` (Boolean) Indicates if prefill info is prevented from modification.
- `user_account_type` (String) Type of user account (ADMINISTRATOR, STANDARD, SKIP).
- `version_lock` (Number) The version lock for account settings.


<a id="nestedblock--skip_setup_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `skip_setup_items`

Optional:

- `accessibility` (Boolean) Skip accessibility setup.
- `appearance` (Boolean) Skip Appearance setup.
- `apple_id` (Boolean) Skip Apple ID setup.
- `biometric` (Boolean) Skip biometric setup.
- `diagnostics` (Boolean) Skip diagnostics setup.
- `display_tone` (Boolean) Skip Display Tone setup.
- `file_vault` (Boolean) Skip FileVault setup.
- `icloud_diagnostics` (Boolean) Skip iCloud diagnostics setup.
- `icloud_storage` (Boolean) Skip iCloud Storage setup.
- `location` (Boolean) Skip Location setup.
- `payment` (Boolean) Skip Payment setup.
- `privacy` (Boolean) Skip Privacy setup.
- `registration` (Boolean) Skip Registration setup.
- `restore` (Boolean) Skip Restore setup.
- `screen_time` (Boolean) Skip Screen Time setup.
- `siri` (Boolean) Skip Siri setup.
- `terms_of_address` (Boolean) Skip terms of address setup.
- `tos` (Boolean) Skip Terms of Service setup.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)