---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_computer_checkin Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_computer_checkin (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `check_for_policies_at_login_logout` (Boolean) Checks for policies at login and logout.
- `check_for_policies_at_startup` (Boolean) If set to true, ensure that computers check for policies triggered by startup
- `check_in_frequency` (Number) The frequency in minutes for computer check-in.
- `create_login_logout_hooks` (Boolean) Determines if login/logout hooks should be created. Create events that trigger each time a user logs in
- `create_startup_script` (Boolean) Determines if a startup script should be created.
- `display_status_to_user` (Boolean) Displays status to the user.
- `ensure_ssh_is_enabled` (Boolean) Enable SSH (Remote Login) on computers that have it disabled.
- `log_startup_event` (Boolean) Determines if startup events should be logged.
- `log_username` (Boolean) Log Computer Usage information at login. Log the username and date/time at login.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `apply_computer_level_managed_preferences` (Boolean) Applies computer level managed preferences. Setting appears to be hard coded to false and cannot be changed. Thus field is set to computed.
- `apply_user_level_managed_preferences` (Boolean) Applies user level managed preferences. Setting appears to be hard coded to false and cannot be changed. Thus field is set to computed.
- `hide_restore_partition` (Boolean) Determines if the restore partition should be hidden. Setting appears to be hard coded to false and cannot be changed. Thus field is set to computed.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `perform_login_actions_in_background` (Boolean) Performs login actions in the background. Setting appears to be hard coded to false and cannot be changed. Thus field is set to computed.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
