---
page_title: "jamfpro_device_enrollments"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_device_enrollments (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_device_enrollments" "example" {
  name          = "Test Device Enrollment"
  encoded_token = filebase64("/path/to/device_enrollment_token.p7m")

  # Optional fields
  supervision_identity_id = "-1"
  site_id                 = "-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `encoded_token` (String, Sensitive) The base64 encoded MDM server token.
- `name` (String) The name of the device enrollment.

### Optional

- `site_id` (String) The site ID associated with the device enrollment. Default is '-1'.
- `supervision_identity_id` (String) The supervision identity ID associated with the device enrollment. Default is '-1'.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `token_file_name` (String) Optional name of the token to be saved, if no name is provided one will be auto-generated.

### Read-Only

- `admin_id` (String) The admin ID associated with the device enrollment.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the device enrollment.
- `org_address` (String) The organization address for the device enrollment.
- `org_email` (String) The organization email for the device enrollment.
- `org_name` (String) The organization name for the device enrollment.
- `org_phone` (String) The organization phone number for the device enrollment.
- `server_name` (String) The server name for the device enrollment.
- `server_uuid` (String) The server UUID for the device enrollment.
- `token_expiration_date` (String) The expiration date of the enrollment token.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)