---
page_title: "jamfpro_file_share_distribution_point"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_file_share_distribution_point (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_file_share_distribution_points" "full_example" {
  // Page 1
  name                  = "tf-example-fileshare-distribution-point"
  ip_address            = "ny.company.com"
  is_master             = false
  failover_point        = "Cloud Distribution Point" // Cloud Distribution Point / or any other dp defined with jamf pro
  enable_load_balancing = false
  // Page 2
  connection_type            = "AFP" // SMB / AFP
  share_name                 = "FullExampleShareName"
  share_port                 = 445
  workgroup_or_domain        = "EXAMPLEDOMAIN"
  read_only_username         = "fullreadonlyuser"
  read_only_password         = "funky_password_qwerty"
  read_write_username        = "fullreadwriteuser"
  read_write_password        = "funky_password_qwerty"
  no_authentication_required = false
  // page 3
  https_downloads_enabled          = true
  https_port                       = 443
  https_share_path                 = "/contextpath"
  https_username_password_required = true
  https_username                   = "fullhttpuser"
  https_password                   = "funky_password_qwerty"

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_type` (String) The type of connection protocol to the distribution point. Can be either 'AFP', or 'SMB'.
- `name` (String) The name of the distribution point.

### Optional

- `enable_load_balancing` (Boolean) Indicates if load balancing is enabled.
- `failover_point` (String) The failover point for the distribution point.Can be
- `https_downloads_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if HTTP downloads are enabled.
- `https_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for HTTP access, if username/password authentication is required. This field is marked as sensitive.
- `https_port` (Number) The port number for the https share.
- `https_share_path` (String) Path to the https share (e.g. if the share is accessible at http://192.168.10.10/JamfShare, the context is 'JamfShare').
- `https_username` (String) The username for HTTP access, if username/password authentication is required.
- `https_username_password_required` (Boolean) Indicates if username/password authentication is required for accessing the distribution point.
- `ip_address` (String) Hostname or IP address of the distribution point server.
- `is_master` (Boolean) Indicates if the distribution point is the principal distribution point, used  as the authoritative source for all files
- `no_authentication_required` (Boolean) Indicates if no authentication is required for accessing the distribution point.
- `read_only_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for read-only access. This field is marked as sensitive.
- `read_only_username` (String) The username for read-only access to the distribution point.
- `read_write_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for read-write access. This field is marked as sensitive.
- `read_write_username` (String) The username for read-write access to the distribution point.
- `share_name` (String) The name of the network share.
- `share_port` (Number) The port number used for the fileshare distribution point.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `workgroup_or_domain` (String) The workgroup or domain of the distribution point.

### Read-Only

- `failover_point_url` (String) The URL of the failover point.
- `http_url` (String) The URL for HTTP downloads.Constructed from the protocol, IP address, and port.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the distribution point.
- `ipaddress` (String) Hostname or IP address of the distribution point server.
- `local_path` (String) The local path to the distribution point.
- `password` (String) The password for the distribution point. This field is marked as sensitive and will not be displayed in logs or console output.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used if HTTPS is enabled for the  distribution point. Result will always be 'https' if enabled.
- `ssh_username` (String) The SSH username for the distribution point.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)