---
page_title: "jamfpro_mac_application"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_mac_application (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_mac_application" "slack" {
  name      = "Slack for Desktop"
  version   = "4.37.101"
  bundle_id = "com.tinyspeck.slackmacgap"
  url       = "https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/slack-for-desktop/id803453959?mt=12"

  site_id     = -1
  category_id = -1

  deployment_type = "Make Available in Self Service"

  scope {
    all_computers = false
    all_jss_users = false
  }

  self_service {
    install_button_text             = "Install"
    self_service_description        = <<-EOT
Slack brings team communication and collaboration into one place so you can get more work done, whether you belong to a large enterprise or a small business. Check off your to-do list and move your projects forward by bringing the right people, conversations, tools, and information you need together. Slack is available on any device, so you can find and access your team and your work, whether you're at your desk or on the go.

Use Slack to: 
• Communicate with your team and organize your conversations by topics, projects, or anything else that matters to your work
• Message or call any person or group within your team
• Share and edit documents and collaborate with the right people all in Slack 
• Integrate into your workflow, the tools and services you already use including Google Drive, Salesforce, Dropbox, Asana, Twitter, Zendesk, and more
• Easily search a central knowledge base that automatically indexes and archives your team's past conversations and files
• Customize your notifications so you stay focused on what matters

Scientifically proven (or at least rumored) to make your working life simpler, more pleasant, and more productive. We hope you'll give Slack a try.

Stop by and learn more at: https://slack.com/
    EOT
    force_users_to_view_description = false
    feature_on_main_page            = false
    notification                    = "Self Service"
  }

  vpp {
    assign_vpp_device_based_licenses = false
    vpp_admin_account_id             = -1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier of the application.
- `name` (String) The name of the mac application.
- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The scope of the mac application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `version` (String) The version of the application.

### Optional

- `category_id` (Number) Jamf Pro category-related settings of the policy.
- `deployment_type` (String) The deployment type for the application. Valid values are 'Install Automatically/Prompt Users to Install' or 'Make Available in Self Service'.
- `is_free` (Boolean) Indicates if the application is free.
- `self_service` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service))
- `site_id` (Number) Jamf Pro Site-related settings of the policy.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `url` (String) The URL of the application.
- `vpp` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vpp))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the mac application.

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Required:

- `all_computers` (Boolean) Whether the configuration profile is scoped to all computers.

Optional:

- `all_jss_users` (Boolean) Whether the configuration profile is scoped to all JSS users.
- `building_ids` (Set of Number) The buildings to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID.
- `computer_group_ids` (Set of Number) The computer groups to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID.
- `computer_ids` (Set of Number) The computers to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID.
- `department_ids` (Set of Number) The departments to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID.
- `exclusions` (Block List, Max: 1) The scope exclusions from the macOS configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions))
- `jss_user_group_ids` (Set of Number) The JSS user groups to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID.
- `jss_user_ids` (Set of Number) The JSS users to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID.
- `limitations` (Block List, Max: 1) The scope limitations from the macOS configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions`

Optional:

- `building_ids` (Set of Number) Buildings excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `computer_group_ids` (Set of Number) Computer Groups excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `computer_ids` (Set of Number) Computers excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `department_ids` (Set of Number) Departments excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `directory_service_or_local_usernames` (Set of String) A set of directory service / local usernames for scoping exclusions.
- `directory_service_usergroup_names` (Set of String) A set of directory service user group names for exclusions.
- `ibeacon_ids` (Set of Number) Ibeacons excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `jss_user_group_ids` (Set of Number) JSS User Groups excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `jss_user_ids` (Set of Number) JSS Users excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `network_segment_ids` (Set of Number) Network segments excluded from scope by Jamf ID.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations`

Optional:

- `directory_service_or_local_usernames` (Set of String) A set of directory service / local usernames for scoping limitations.
- `directory_service_usergroup_names` (Set of String) A set of directory service user group names for limitations.
- `ibeacon_ids` (Set of Number) A set of iBeacon IDs for limitations.
- `network_segment_ids` (Set of Number) A set of network segment IDs for limitations.



<a id="nestedblock--self_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service`

Optional:

- `feature_on_main_page` (Boolean) Feature this application on the main page.
- `force_users_to_view_description` (Boolean) Force users to view the description.
- `install_button_text` (String) The text displayed on the install button in self service.
- `notification` (String) The notification setting for this application.
- `notification_message` (String) The message of the notification.
- `notification_subject` (String) The subject of the notification.
- `self_service_category` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service--self_service_category))
- `self_service_description` (String) The self service description.
- `self_service_icon` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service--self_service_icon))

<a id="nestedblock--self_service--self_service_category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service.self_service_category`

Required:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the self service category.

Optional:

- `display_in` (Boolean) Display in this category.
- `feature_in` (Boolean) Feature in this category.
- `name` (String) The name of the self service category.


<a id="nestedblock--self_service--self_service_icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service.self_service_icon`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the self service icon.

Read-Only:

- `data` (String) The data of the self service icon.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the self service icon.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--vpp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpp`

Optional:

- `assign_vpp_device_based_licenses` (Boolean) Assign VPP device-based licenses.
- `vpp_admin_account_id` (Number) The VPP admin account ID.