---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_macos_configuration_profile_plist_generator Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_macos_configuration_profile_plist_generator (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Jamf UI name for configuration profile.
- `payloads` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) A list of payloads for the macOS configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads))
- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The scope of the configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))

### Optional

- `category_id` (Number) Jamf Pro category-related settings of the policy.
- `description` (String) Description of the configuration profile.
- `distribution_method` (String) The distribution method for the configuration profile. ['Make Available in Self Service','Install Automatically']
- `level` (String) The deployment level of the configuration profile. Available options are: 'User' or 'System'. Note: 'System' is mapped to 'Computer Level' in the Jamf Pro GUI.
- `redeploy_on_update` (String) Defines the redeployment behaviour when a mobile device config profile update occurs. This is always 'Newly Assigned' on new profile objects, but may be set 'All' on profile update requests and in TF state.
- `self_service` (Block List, Max: 1) Self Service Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service))
- `site_id` (Number) Jamf Pro Site-related settings of the policy.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_removable` (Boolean) Whether the configuration profile is user removeable or not.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the macOS configuration profile.
- `uuid` (String) The universally unique identifier for the profile.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads`

Required:

- `payload_content` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The payload content of the macOS configuration profile plist. Multiple payloads can be defined as needed.Defined as key value pairs and supports nested dictionaries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content))
- `payload_description_header` (String) Description of the payload at the header level of the plist. This provides a human-readable explanation of what the overall profile is intended to do or configure.
- `payload_enabled_header` (Boolean) Indicates whether the payload is enabled at the header level of the plist. If set to false, the overall profile will be disabled.
- `payload_organization_header` (String) The organization associated with the payload at the header level of the plist. This represents the entity that created or is responsible for the overall profile.
- `payload_type_header` (String) The type of the config profile payload at the header level of the plist. This indicates what kind of settings or configurations the overall profile applies.
- `payload_version_header` (Number) The version of the payload at the header level of the plist. This helps in identifying the version of the overall profile settings or configurations being applied.

Optional:

- `payload_display_name_header` (String) The display name of the payload at the header level of the plist. This is shown in user interfaces to identify the overall profile to users and administrators. Jamf Pro matches this to the name of the configuation profile, 'name' at the top of the schema.
- `payload_removal_disallowed_header` (Boolean) Indicates whether the removal of the payload is disallowed. If set to true, the MDM profile cannot be removed by users.
- `payload_scope_header` (String) The scope of the payload at the header level of the plist. This defines the context in which the overall profile settings are applied, can be either 'System' or 'User'.

Read-Only:

- `payload_identifier_header` (String) A unique identifier for the payload within the MDM profile at the header level of the plist. This identifier is used to track and reference the overall profile uniquely.
- `payload_uuid_header` (String) The UUID for the payload within the MDM profile at the header level of the plist. This ensures the uniqueness of the overall profile.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content`

Required:

- `payload_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the payload is enabled.
- `payload_organization` (String) Organization associated with the payload.
- `payload_type` (String) Type of the config profile payload.
- `payload_version` (Number) Version of the payload.

Optional:

- `payload_description` (String) Description of the payload.
- `payload_display_name` (String) Display name of the payload.
- `payload_removal_disallowed` (Boolean) Whether the payload removal is disallowed.
- `payload_scope` (String) Scope of the payload. Computed by what is set by level. 'System' or 'User'.
- `setting` (Block List) The key and value setting items of the macOS configuration profile plist (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting))

Read-Only:

- `payload_identifier` (String) Identifier for the payload.A GUID.
- `payload_uuid` (String) UUID of the payload.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content.setting`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for the xml plist entry.

Optional:

- `dictionary` (Block List) A nested dictionary structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary))
- `value` (String) The value for the xml plist entry.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content.setting.dictionary`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for the dictionary entry.

Optional:

- `dictionary` (Block List) A nested dictionary structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary))
- `value` (String) The value for the dictionary entry.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content.setting.dictionary.dictionary`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for the dictionary entry.

Optional:

- `dictionary` (Block List) A nested dictionary structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary))
- `value` (String) The value for the dictionary entry.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content.setting.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for the dictionary entry.

Optional:

- `dictionary` (Block List) A nested dictionary structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary))
- `value` (String) The value for the dictionary entry.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content.setting.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for the dictionary entry.

Optional:

- `dictionary` (Block List) A nested dictionary structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary))
- `value` (String) The value for the dictionary entry.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content.setting.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for the dictionary entry.

Optional:

- `dictionary` (Block List) A nested dictionary structure. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary))
- `value` (String) The value for the dictionary entry.

<a id="nestedblock--payloads--payload_content--setting--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary--dictionary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `payloads.payload_content.setting.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary.dictionary`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key for the dictionary entry.

Optional:

- `dictionary` (Map of String) A nested dictionary structure for xml plist definition.
- `value` (String) The value for the dictionary entry.










<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Required:

- `all_computers` (Boolean) Whether the configuration profile is scoped to all computers.

Optional:

- `all_jss_users` (Boolean) Whether the configuration profile is scoped to all JSS users.
- `building_ids` (List of Number) The buildings to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID
- `computer_group_ids` (List of Number) The computer groups to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID
- `computer_ids` (List of Number) The computers to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID
- `department_ids` (List of Number) The departments to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID
- `exclusions` (Block List, Max: 1) The scope exclusions from the macOS configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions))
- `jss_user_group_ids` (List of Number) The jss user groups to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID
- `jss_user_ids` (List of Number) The jss users to which the configuration profile is scoped by Jamf ID
- `limitations` (Block List, Max: 1) The scope limitations from the macOS configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions`

Optional:

- `building_ids` (List of Number) Buildings excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `computer_group_ids` (List of Number) Computer Groups excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `computer_ids` (List of Number) Computers excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `department_ids` (List of Number) Departments excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `directory_service_or_local_usernames` (List of String) A list of directory service / local usernames for scoping limitations.
- `directory_service_usergroup_ids` (List of Number) A list of directory service / local user group IDs for limitations.
- `ibeacon_ids` (List of Number) Ibeacons excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `jss_user_group_ids` (List of Number) JSS User Groups excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `jss_user_ids` (List of Number) JSS Users excluded from scope by Jamf ID.
- `network_segment_ids` (List of Number) Network segments excluded from scope by Jamf ID.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations`

Optional:

- `directory_service_or_local_usernames` (List of String) A list of directory service / local usernames for scoping limitations.
- `directory_service_usergroup_ids` (List of Number) A list of directory service user group IDs for limitations.
- `ibeacon_ids` (List of Number) A list of iBeacon IDs for limitations.
- `network_segment_ids` (List of Number) A list of network segment IDs for limitations.



<a id="nestedblock--self_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service`

Optional:

- `feature_on_main_page` (Boolean) Shows Configuration Profile on Self Service main page
- `force_users_to_view_description` (Boolean) Forces users to view the description
- `install_button_text` (String) Text shown on Self Service install button
- `notification` (Boolean) Enables Notification for this profile in self service
- `notification_message` (String) Message body
- `notification_subject` (String) Message Subject
- `self_service_categories` (Block List) Self Service category options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service--self_service_categories))
- `self_service_description` (String) Description shown in Self Service

<a id="nestedblock--self_service--self_service_categories"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service.self_service_categories`

Required:

- `display_in` (Boolean) Display this profile in this category?
- `feature_in` (Boolean) Feature this profile in this category?

Optional:

- `id` (Number) ID of category
- `name` (String) Name of category



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
