---
page_title: "jamfpro_managed_software_update"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_managed_software_update (Resource)


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `update_action` (String) The software update action to perform.
- `version_type` (String) The type of version to update to.

### Optional

- `build_version` (String) Optional. Indicates the build version to update to. Only available when the version type is set to CUSTOM_VERSION.
- `device` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--device))
- `force_install_local_date_time` (String) Optional. Indicates the local date and time of the device to force update by.
- `group` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--group))
- `max_deferrals` (Number) Required when the provided update_action is DOWNLOAD_INSTALL_ALLOW_DEFERRAL, not applicable to all managed software update plans.
- `specific_version` (String) Optional. Indicates the specific version to update to. Only available when the version type is set to specific version or custom version, otherwise defaults to NO_SPECIFIC_VERSION.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `plan_uuid` (String) The UUID of the managed software update plan.

<a id="nestedblock--device"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device`

Required:

- `device_id` (String) The ID of the individual device for the update plan.
- `object_type` (String) The device type that the device_id refers to (COMPUTER, MOBILE_DEVICE, or APPLE_TV).


<a id="nestedblock--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Required:

- `group_id` (String) The ID of the Jamf Pro device group for the update plan.
- `object_type` (String) The type of the group (COMPUTER_GROUP or MOBILE_DEVICE_GROUP).


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)