---
page_title: "jamfpro_mobile_device_extension_attribute"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_mobile_device_extension_attribute (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
# Pop-up menu Example
resource "jamfpro_mobile_device_extension_attribute" "popup_menu_example" {
  name                   = "Device Location"
  description            = "The primary location where this device is used"
  data_type              = "STRING"
  inventory_display_type = "USER_AND_LOCATION"
  input_type             = "POPUP"
  popup_menu_choices = [
    "Head Office",
    "Branch Office",
    "Home Office",
    "Client Site"
  ]
}

# Text Field Example
resource "jamfpro_mobile_device_extension_attribute" "text_field_example" {
  name                   = "User Department"
  description            = "The department to which the device user belongs"
  data_type              = "STRING"
  inventory_display_type = "GENERAL"
  input_type             = "TEXT"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data_type` (String) Data type of the mobile device extension attribute. Can be STRING, INTEGER, or DATE.
- `input_type` (String) Extension attributes collect inventory data by using an input type.The type of the Input used to populate the extension attribute. Can be TEXT, POPUP, or DIRECTORY_SERVICE_ATTRIBUTE_MAPPING.
- `inventory_display_type` (String) Category in which to display the extension attribute in Jamf Pro. Can be GENERAL, HARDWARE, USER_AND_LOCATION, PURCHASING, or EXTENSION_ATTRIBUTES.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the Jamf Pro mobiledevice extension attribute.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the mobiledevice extension attribute.
- `ldap_attribute_mapping` (String) Directory Service attribute use to populate the extension attribute.Required when inputType is 'DIRECTORY_SERVICE_ATTRIBUTE_MAPPING'.
- `ldap_extension_attribute_allowed` (Boolean) Collect multiple values for this extension attribute. ldapExtensionAttributeAllowed is disabled by default, only for inputType 'DIRECTORY_SERVICE_ATTRIBUTE_MAPPING' it can be enabled. It's value cannot be modified during edit operation.Possible values are:true or false.
- `popup_menu_choices` (List of String) When added with list of choices while creating mobile device extension attributes these Pop-up menu can be displayed in inventory information. User can choose a value from the pop-up menu list when enrolling a mobile device any time using Jamf Pro. Provide popupMenuChoices only when inputType is 'POPUP'.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the mobile device extension attribute.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)