---
page_title: "jamfpro_mobile_device_application"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_mobile_device_application (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_mobile_device_application" "self_service" {
  name         = "Jamf Self Service"
  display_name = "Jamf Self Service"
  bundle_id    = "com.jamfsoftware.selfservice"
  version      = "11.3.3"
  internal_app = false

  category_id = 9
  site_id     = -1

  itunes_store_url      = "https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/jamf-self-service/id718509958"
  external_url          = "https://apps.apple.com/gb/app/jamf-self-service/id718509958"
  itunes_country_region = "US"
  itunes_sync_time      = 0

  deploy_automatically                   = true
  deploy_as_managed_app                  = true
  remove_app_when_mdm_profile_is_removed = true
  prevent_backup_of_app_data             = false
  allow_user_to_delete                   = false
  require_network_tethered               = false
  keep_description_and_icon_up_to_date   = false
  keep_app_updated_on_devices            = false
  free                                   = true
  take_over_management                   = true
  host_externally                        = true
  make_available_after_install           = false

  vpp {
    assign_vpp_device_based_licenses = true
    vpp_admin_account_id             = 2
  }

  self_service {
    self_service_description = <<-EOT
Jamf Self Service empowers you to be more productive, successful, and self-sufficient with your iOS or iPadOS device.

Using the intuitive interface, you can browse and install trusted apps and books from your organization, update configurations, and receive real-time notifications for available services without having to contact IT. 

Jamf Self Service is a one stop shop to get everything you need on your iOS or iPadOS device to be successful in your organization.

Key Features:
⁃ Install apps
⁃ Install books
⁃ Update device configurations
⁃ Receive notifications

Minimum Requirements:
⁃ Mobile device with iOS 11 or later, or iPadOS 13 or later
⁃ Jamf Pro 9.4 or later

* Jamf Self Service requires that your device is managed by your organization's IT department using Jamf Pro.
    EOT
    feature_on_main_page     = false
    notification             = false
    self_service_icon {
      id = 157
    }
  }

  app_configuration {
    preferences = <<-EOT
<dict>
<key>INVITATION_STRING</key>
<string>$MOBILEDEVICEAPPINVITE</string>
<key>JSS_ID</key>
<string>$JSSID</string>
<key>SERIAL_NUMBER</key>
<string>$SERIALNUMBER</string>
<key>DEVICE_NAME</key>
<string>$DEVICENAME</string>
<key>MAC_ADDRESS</key>
<string>$MACADDRESS</string>
<key>MANAGEMENT_ID</key>
<string>$MANAGEMENTID</string>
<key>JSS_URL</key>      
<string>$JPS_URL</string>
</dict>
    EOT
  }

  scope {
    all_mobile_devices = false
    all_jss_users      = false

    mobile_device_group_ids = [9]

    exclusions {
      mobile_device_group_ids = [14]
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bundle_id` (String) The bundle identifier of the application.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the mobile device application.
- `name` (String) The name of the mobile device application.
- `scope` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The scope of the mobile device application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `version` (String) The version of the application.

### Optional

- `allow_user_to_delete` (Boolean) Allow users to delete the application.
- `app_configuration` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--app_configuration))
- `category_id` (Number) Jamf Pro category-related settings of the policy.
- `deploy_as_managed_app` (Boolean) Deploy as a managed application.
- `deploy_automatically` (Boolean) Deploy the application automatically.
- `external_url` (String) The external URL for the application.
- `free` (Boolean) Indicates if the application is free.
- `host_externally` (Boolean) Host the application externally.
- `internal_app` (Boolean) Indicates if this is an internal application.
- `ipa` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ipa))
- `itunes_country_region` (String) The iTunes country/region for the application.
- `itunes_store_url` (String) The iTunes Store URL for the application.
- `itunes_sync_time` (Number) The iTunes sync time.
- `keep_app_updated_on_devices` (Boolean) Keep the application updated on devices.
- `keep_description_and_icon_up_to_date` (Boolean) Keep the description and icon up to date.
- `make_available_after_install` (Boolean) Make the application available after installation.
- `mobile_device_provisioning_profile` (Number) The mobile device provisioning profile ID.
- `prevent_backup_of_app_data` (Boolean) Prevent backup of application data.
- `remove_app_when_mdm_profile_is_removed` (Boolean) Remove the application when the MDM profile is removed.
- `require_network_tethered` (Boolean) Require network tethering for the application.
- `self_service` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service))
- `site_id` (Number) Jamf Pro Site-related settings of the policy.
- `take_over_management` (Boolean) Take over management of the application.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `vpp` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vpp))

### Read-Only

- `deployment_type` (String) The deployment type for the application.
- `description` (String) Description of the mobile device application.
- `icon` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--icon))
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the mobile device application.

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `all_jss_users` (Boolean) If true, the resource is applied to all JSS users.
- `all_mobile_devices` (Boolean) If true, the resource is applied to all mobile devices.
- `building_ids` (Set of Number) A list of building IDs associated with the resource.
- `department_ids` (Set of Number) A list of department IDs associated with the resource.
- `exclusions` (Block List, Max: 1) The scope exclusions from the mobile device configuration resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions))
- `jss_user_group_ids` (Set of Number) A list of JSS user group IDs associated with the resource.
- `jss_user_ids` (Set of Number) A list of JSS user IDs associated with the resource.
- `limitations` (Block List, Max: 1) The scope limitations from the mobile device resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations))
- `mobile_device_group_ids` (Set of Number) A list of mobile device group IDs associated with the resource.
- `mobile_device_ids` (Set of Number) A list of mobile device IDs associated with the resource.

<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions`

Optional:

- `building_ids` (Set of Number) A list of building IDs for exclusions.
- `department_ids` (Set of Number) A list of department IDs for exclusions.
- `directory_service_or_local_usernames` (Set of String) A list of directory service / local usernames for exclusions.
- `directory_service_usergroup_names` (Set of String) A list of directory service / local user group names for exclusions.
- `ibeacon_ids` (Set of Number) A list of iBeacon IDs for exclusions.
- `jss_user_group_ids` (Set of Number) A list of JSS user group IDs for exclusions.
- `jss_user_ids` (Set of Number) A list of user names for exclusions.
- `mobile_device_group_ids` (Set of Number) A list of mobile device group IDs for exclusions.
- `mobile_device_ids` (Set of Number) A list of mobile device IDs for exclusions.
- `network_segment_ids` (Set of Number) A list of network segment IDs for exclusions.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations`

Optional:

- `directory_service_or_local_usernames` (Set of String) A list of directory service / local usernames for limitations.
- `directory_service_usergroup_names` (Set of String) A list of directory service user group names for limitations.
- `ibeacon_ids` (Set of Number) A list of iBeacon IDs for limitations.
- `network_segment_ids` (Set of Number) A list of network segment IDs for limitations.



<a id="nestedblock--app_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_configuration`

Optional:

- `preferences` (String) The preferences configuration for the application.


<a id="nestedblock--ipa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipa`

Optional:

- `data` (String) The base64 encoded IPA data.
- `name` (String) The name of the IPA file.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the IPA file.


<a id="nestedblock--self_service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service`

Optional:

- `feature_on_main_page` (Boolean) Feature this application on the main page.
- `notification` (Boolean) Enable notifications for this application.
- `notification_message` (String) The message of the notification.
- `notification_subject` (String) The subject of the notification.
- `self_service_description` (String) The self service description.
- `self_service_icon` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--self_service--self_service_icon))
- `self_service_install_button_text` (String) The text displayed on the install button in self service.

<a id="nestedblock--self_service--self_service_icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `self_service.self_service_icon`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the self service icon.

Read-Only:

- `filename` (String) The filename of the self service icon.
- `uri` (String) The URI of the self service icon.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--vpp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vpp`

Optional:

- `assign_vpp_device_based_licenses` (Boolean) Assign VPP device-based licenses.
- `vpp_admin_account_id` (Number) The VPP admin account ID.


<a id="nestedatt--icon"></a>
### Nested Schema for `icon`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `uri` (String)