---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_mobile_device_configuration_profile Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_mobile_device_configuration_profile (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the mobile device configuration profile.

### Optional

- `category` (Block List, Max: 1) The jamf pro category information for the mobile device configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--category))
- `deployment_method` (String) The deployment method for the mobile device configuration profile, can be either 'Install Automatically' or 'Make Available in Self Service'.
- `description` (String) The description of the mobile device configuration profile.
- `level` (String) The level at which the mobile device configuration profile is applied, can be either 'Device Level' or 'User Level'.
- `payloads` (String) The iOS / iPadOS / tvOS configuration profile payload. Can be a file path to a .mobileconfig or a string with an embedded mobileconfig plist.
- `scope` (Block List) The scope in which the mobile device configuration profile is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `site` (Block List, Max: 1) The site information associated with the mobile device configuration profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier for the mobile device configuration profile.
- `uuid` (String) The universally unique identifier for the profile.

<a id="nestedblock--category"></a>
### Nested Schema for `category`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier for the Jamf Pro category.


<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `all_jss_users` (Boolean) If true, the profile is applied to all JSS users.
- `all_mobile_devices` (Boolean) If true, the profile is applied to all mobile devices.
- `buildings` (Block Set) The list of buildings to which the profile is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--buildings))
- `departments` (Block Set) The list of departments to which the profile is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--departments))
- `exclusions` (Block List) Items that are excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions))
- `jss_user_groups` (Block Set) The list of JSS user groups targetted in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--jss_user_groups))
- `jss_users` (Block Set) The list of JSS users targetted in scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--jss_users))
- `limitations` (Block List) Restrictions on where or how the profile is applied within the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations))
- `mobile_device_groups` (Block Set) The list of mobile device groups to which the profile is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--mobile_device_groups))
- `mobile_devices` (Block Set) The list of specific mobile devices to which the profile is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--mobile_devices))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--buildings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.buildings`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the building.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the building.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--departments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.departments`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the department.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the department.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions`

Optional:

- `buildings` (Block Set) The list of buildings excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--buildings))
- `departments` (Block Set) The list of departments excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--departments))
- `ibeacons` (Block Set) The list of iBeacons excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--ibeacons))
- `jss_user_groups` (Block Set) The list of JSS user groups excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--jss_user_groups))
- `jss_users` (Block Set) The list of JSS users excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--jss_users))
- `mobile_device_groups` (Block Set) The list of mobile device groups excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--mobile_device_groups))
- `mobile_devices` (Block Set) The list of mobile devices excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--mobile_devices))
- `network_segments` (Block Set) The list of network segments excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--network_segments))
- `user_groups` (Block Set) The list of user groups excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--user_groups))
- `users` (Block Set) The list of users excluded from the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions--users))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--buildings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.buildings`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the building.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the building.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--departments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.departments`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the department.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the department.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--ibeacons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.ibeacons`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the iBeacon.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the iBeacon.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--jss_user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.jss_user_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the JSS user group.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the JSS user group.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--jss_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.jss_users`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the JSS user.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the JSS user.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--mobile_device_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.mobile_device_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the mobile device group.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the mobile device group.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--mobile_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.mobile_devices`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the mobile device.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the mobile device.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--network_segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.network_segments`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the network segment.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the network segment.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.user_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the user group.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the user group.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions.users`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the user.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the user.



<a id="nestedblock--scope--jss_user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.jss_user_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the JSS user group.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the JSS user group.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--jss_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.jss_users`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the JSS user.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the JSS user.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations`

Optional:

- `ibeacons` (Block Set) The list of iBeacons to which limitations apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations--ibeacons))
- `network_segments` (Block Set) The list of network segments to which limitations apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations--network_segments))
- `user_groups` (Block Set) The list of user groups to which limitations apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations--user_groups))
- `users` (Block Set) The list of users to which limitations apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations--users))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations--ibeacons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations.ibeacons`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the iBeacon.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the iBeacon.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations--network_segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations.network_segments`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the network segment.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the network segment.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations--user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations.user_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the user group.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the user group.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations.users`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the user.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the user.



<a id="nestedblock--scope--mobile_device_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.mobile_device_groups`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the mobile device group.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the mobile device group.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--mobile_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.mobile_devices`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the mobile device.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the mobile device.
- `udid` (String) The UDID of the mobile device.
- `wifi_mac_address` (String) The WiFi MAC address of the mobile device.



<a id="nestedblock--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
