---
page_title: "jamfpro_package"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_package (Resource)


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fill_user_template` (Boolean) Define whether to fill new home directories with the contents of the home directory in the package's Users folder. Applies to DMGs only. This setting can be changed when deploying or uninstalling the package using a policy.
- `os_install` (Boolean) Whether the package is an OS install.
- `package_file_source` (String) The file path or the URL source of the Jamf Pro package to be uploaded. Supports HTTP/HTTPS URLs, and local filepaths.
- `package_name` (String) The unique name of the Jamf Pro package.This doesn't have to match the filename of the package.
- `priority` (Number) The package priority to use for deploying or uninstalling the package (e.g., A package with a priority of '1' is deployed or uninstalled before other packages)
- `reboot_required` (Boolean) Defines whether a computer must be restarted after installing the package
- `suppress_eula` (Boolean) Whether to suppress EULA.
- `suppress_from_dock` (Boolean) Whether to suppress from dock.
- `suppress_registration` (Boolean) Whether to suppress registration.
- `suppress_updates` (Boolean) Whether to suppress updates.

### Optional

- `category_id` (String) The category ID of the Jamf Pro package. Defaults to -1 if not specified.
- `fill_existing_users` (Boolean) Whether to fill existing home directories with the contents of the home directory in the package's Users folder. Applies to DMGs only. This setting can be changed when deploying or uninstalling the package using a policy.
- `ignore_conflicts` (Boolean) Whether to ignore conflicts.
- `info` (String) Information to display to the administrator when the package is deployed or uninstalled.
- `manifest` (String) The manifest of the package.
- `manifest_file_name` (String) The manifest file name.
- `notes` (String) Notes to display about the package (e.g., who built it and when it was built)
- `os_requirements` (String) The OS requirements for the Jamf Pro package. The package can only be deployed to computers with these operating system versions. Each version must be separated by a comma (e.g., '10.6.8, 10.7.x, 10.8')
- `parent_package_id` (String) The parent package ID. Defaults to -1 if not specified.
- `self_heal_notify` (Boolean) Whether to notify for self-heal.
- `self_healing_action` (String) The self-healing action for the package. Defaults to 'nothing' if not specified.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number of the package.
- `swu` (Boolean) Install the package only if it is available as an update. For this to work, the display name of the package must match the name in the command-line version of Software Update. Applies to PKGs only
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `base_path` (String) The base path for the package.
- `cloud_transfer_status` (String) The cloud transfer status.
- `filename` (String) The package filename reference of the Jamf Pro package. This is used to associate the package metadata with the file uploaded to the Jamf Pro server.
- `format` (String) The format of the package.
- `hash_type` (String) The hash type of the package.
- `hash_value` (String) The hash value of the package.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the package metadata.
- `indexed` (Boolean) Whether the package has completed indexing within the jamf content delivery service.
- `install_language` (String) The install language of the package.
- `md5` (String) The MD5 hash of the package.
- `md5_file_hash` (String) md5 hash of the package file for integrity comparison.
- `os_installer_version` (String) The OS installer version.
- `package_uri` (String) The URI of the package in the Jamf Cloud Distribution Service (JCDS).
- `sha256` (String) The SHA256 hash of the package.
- `size` (String) The size of the package.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)