---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_restricted_software Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_restricted_software (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the restricted software.
- `process_name` (String) The process name of the restricted software.

### Optional

- `delete_executable` (Boolean) Indicates if the executable should be deleted.
- `display_message` (String) The message to display when the software is restricted.
- `kill_process` (Boolean) Indicates if the process should be killed.
- `match_exact_process_name` (Boolean) Indicates if the process name should be matched exactly.
- `scope` (Block List, Max: 1) The scope of the restricted software. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope))
- `send_notification` (Boolean) Indicates if a notification should be sent.
- `site` (Block List, Max: 1) The site associated with the restricted software. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the restricted software.

<a id="nestedblock--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope`

Optional:

- `all_computers` (Boolean) Indicates if the restricted software applies to all computers.
- `building_ids` (List of Number) A list of building IDs associated with the restricted software.
- `computer_group_ids` (List of Number) A list of computer group IDs associated with the restricted software.
- `computer_ids` (List of Number) A list of computer IDs associated with the restricted software.
- `department_ids` (List of Number) A list of department IDs associated with the restricted software.
- `exclusions` (Block List, Max: 1) Exclusions for the restricted software. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--exclusions))
- `limitations` (Block List, Max: 1) Limitations for the restricted software. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--scope--limitations))

<a id="nestedblock--scope--exclusions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.exclusions`

Optional:

- `building_ids` (List of Number) A list of building IDs for exclusions.
- `computer_group_ids` (List of Number) A list of computer group IDs for exclusions.
- `computer_ids` (List of Number) A list of computer IDs for exclusions.
- `department_ids` (List of Number) A list of department IDs for exclusions.
- `jss_user_names` (List of String) A list of user names for exclusions.


<a id="nestedblock--scope--limitations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scope.limitations`

Optional:

- `ibeacon_ids` (List of Number) A list of iBeacon IDs for limitations.
- `network_segment_ids` (List of Number) A list of network segment IDs for limitations.



<a id="nestedblock--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the site.
- `name` (String) The name of the site.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
