---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_smart_computer_group Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_smart_computer_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The unique name of the Jamf Pro computer group.

### Optional

- `criteria` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--criteria))
- `site` (Block List, Max: 1) Jamf Pro Site related settings of the smart computer group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the computer group.
- `is_smart` (Boolean) Boolean selection to state if the group is a Smart group or not. If false then the group is a static group.

<a id="nestedblock--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Optional:

- `and_or` (String) Either 'and', 'or', or blank.
- `closing_paren` (Boolean) Closing parenthesis flag used during smart group construction.
- `name` (String) Name of the smart group search criteria. Can be from the Jamf built in enteries or can be an extension attribute.
- `opening_paren` (Boolean) Opening parenthesis flag used during smart group construction.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the criterion.
- `search_type` (String) The type of smart group search operator. Allowed values are '[and or is is not has does not have member of not member of before (yyyy-mm-dd) after (yyyy-mm-dd) more than x days ago less than x days ago like not like greater than more than less than greater than or equal less than or equal matches regex does not match regex]'
- `value` (String) Search value for the smart group criteria to match with.


<a id="nestedblock--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) Jamf Pro Site ID. Value defaults to -1 aka not used.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the Jamf Pro Site. Computed value based on the utilised site ID.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
