---
page_title: "jamfpro_smart_computer_group_v2"
description: |-
  Manages a Jamf Pro Smart Computer Group using the `/api/v2/computer-groups/smart-groups` endpoint.
---

# jamfpro_smart_computer_group_v2 (Resource)
Manages a Jamf Pro Smart Computer Group using the `/api/v2/computer-groups/smart-groups` endpoint.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the smart computer group.

### Optional

- `criteria` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--criteria))
- `description` (String) The description of the smart computer group.
- `site_id` (String) The Site ID assigned to the resource. A Site ID of -1 indicates the resource is assigned to the 'None' site.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the smart computer group.

<a id="nestedblock--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the criterion.
- `search_type` (String) The search type for the criterion. Allowed values are: 'is', 'is not', 'has', 'does not have', 'member of', 'not member of', 'before (yyyy-mm-dd)', 'after (yyyy-mm-dd)', 'in less than x days', 'in more than x days', 'more than x days ago', 'less than x days ago', 'like', 'not like', 'greater than', 'more than', 'less than', 'greater than or equal', 'less than or equal', 'matches regex', 'does not match regex'.
- `value` (String) The value to match for the criterion.

Optional:

- `and_or` (String) The logical operator for the criterion. Must be 'and' or 'or'. Defaults to 'and'.
- `closing_paren` (Boolean) Whether this criterion has a closing parenthesis.
- `opening_paren` (Boolean) Whether this criterion has an opening parenthesis.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the criterion. Priority must start with 0 and increment by one per new criteria added. Defaults to 0.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).