---
page_title: "jamfpro_static_computer_group"
description: |-
  Manages a Jamf Pro Static Computer Group using the `/api/v2/computer-groups/static-groups` endpoint.
---

# jamfpro_static_computer_group (Resource)
Manages a Jamf Pro Static Computer Group using the `/api/v2/computer-groups/static-groups` endpoint.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_static_computer_group" "jamfpro_static_computer_group_001" {
  name = "Example Static Computer Group"


  # Optional Site ID
  site_id = "1"

  # Optional Description
  description = "Managed by Terraform."

  # Optional: Specify computers for static groups
  assigned_computer_ids = ["1", "2", "3"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the static computer group.

### Optional

- `assigned_computer_ids` (Set of String) Set of computer IDs assigned to this static computer group. Note: This value cannot be read back from the API.
- `description` (String) The description of the static computer group.
- `site_id` (String) The Site ID assigned to the resource. A Site ID of -1 indicates the resource is assigned to the 'None' site.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the static computer group.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).