---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_user_group Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_user_group (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the user group.

### Optional

- `criteria` (Block List) The criteria used for defining the smart user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--criteria))
- `is_notify_on_change` (Boolean) Indicates if notifications are sent on change.
- `is_smart` (Boolean) Indicates if the user group is a smart group.
- `site` (Block List, Max: 1) The site associated with the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--site))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_additions` (Block List) Users added to the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_additions))
- `user_deletions` (Block List) Users removed from the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_deletions))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the user group.
- `users` (List of Object) The users belonging to the user group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedblock--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `criteria`

Optional:

- `and_or` (String) Logical operator to use with the next criterion (AND/OR).
- `closing_paren` (Boolean) Indicates if there is a closing parenthesis after this criterion, denoting the end of a grouped expression.
- `name` (String) The name of the criterion.
- `opening_paren` (Boolean) Indicates if there is an opening parenthesis before this criterion, denoting the start of a grouped expression.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the criterion.
- `search_type` (String) The type of search to perform (e.g., equals, contains).
- `value` (String) The value to search for.


<a id="nestedblock--site"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the site.
- `name` (String) The name of the site.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--user_additions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_additions`

Required:

- `email_address` (String) The email address of the user.
- `username` (String) The username of the user.

Optional:

- `phone_number` (String) The phone number of the user.

Read-Only:

- `full_name` (String) The full name of the user.
- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the user.


<a id="nestedblock--user_deletions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_deletions`

Required:

- `email_address` (String) The email address of the user.
- `username` (String) The username of the user.

Optional:

- `phone_number` (String) The phone number of the user.

Read-Only:

- `full_name` (String) The full name of the user.
- `id` (Number) The unique identifier of the user.


<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `email_address` (String)
- `full_name` (String)
- `id` (Number)
- `phone_number` (String)
- `username` (String)
