---
page_title: "jamfpro_volume_purchasing_locations"
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_volume_purchasing_locations (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "jamfpro_volume_purchasing_locations" "example" {
  name                                      = "Company Apple Business Manager"
  service_token                             = "eyJleHBEYXRlIjo..." # Your base64 encoded service token
  automatically_populate_purchased_content  = true
  send_notification_when_no_longer_assigned = false
  auto_register_managed_users               = true
  site_id                                   = "-1" # Default site
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auto_register_managed_users` (Boolean) Automatically register managed users.
- `automatically_populate_purchased_content` (Boolean) Automatically populate purchased content.
- `name` (String) The name of the volume purchasing location.
- `send_notification_when_no_longer_assigned` (Boolean) Send notification when content is no longer assigned.
- `service_token` (String, Sensitive) The base64 encoded service token for the volume purchasing location.

### Optional

- `site_id` (String) The site ID associated with the volume purchasing location. Default is '-1'.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `apple_id` (String) The Apple ID associated with the volume purchasing location.
- `client_context_mismatch` (Boolean) Indicates if there is a client context mismatch.
- `content` (List of Object) List of content associated with the volume purchasing location. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `country_code` (String) The country code for the volume purchasing location.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the volume purchasing location.
- `last_sync_time` (String) The last synchronization time.
- `location_name` (String) The location name for the volume purchasing location.
- `organization_name` (String) The organization name for the volume purchasing location.
- `token_expiration` (String) The expiration date of the service token.
- `total_purchased_licenses` (Number) The total number of purchased licenses.
- `total_used_licenses` (Number) The total number of used licenses.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `adam_id` (String)
- `content_type` (String)
- `device_types` (List of String)
- `icon_url` (String)
- `license_count_in_use` (Number)
- `license_count_reported` (Number)
- `license_count_total` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `pricing_param` (String)