---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "jamfpro_webhook Resource - terraform-provider-jamfpro"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# jamfpro_webhook (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content_type` (String) The content type of the webhook payload (e.g., 'application/json' or 'text/xml').
- `enabled` (Boolean) The Jamf Pro webhooks enablement state.
- `event` (String) The event type that triggers the webhook.
- `name` (String) The name of the Jamf Pro webhook.
- `url` (String) The URL the webhook will post data to.

### Optional

- `authentication_type` (String) The type of authentication required for the webhook (e.g., BASIC 'Basic Authentication', HEADER for 'Header Authentication').
- `connection_timeout` (Number) Amount of time to wait for a response from the webhook's host server after sending a request, in seconds.Value must be an integer between 1 and 15
- `display_fields` (Block List) List of display fields associated with the webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--display_fields))
- `enable_display_fields_for_group` (Boolean) Whether to enable display fields for the group associated with the webhook.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for authentication, if applicable.
- `read_timeout` (Number) Amount of time to attempt to connect to the webhook's host server, in seconds.Value must be an integer between 1 and 15
- `smart_group_id` (Number) The ID of the smart group associated with the webhook.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `username` (String) The username for authentication, if applicable.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Jamf Pro webhook.

<a id="nestedblock--display_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `display_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the display field.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `delete` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)
